# Hashing - involving Linked Lists and Nodes
I hashed a 50 million word file using an algorithm that gives O(1) (constant) time to search, add, and rehash. <br> <br>
To achieve this efficent time, I converted each of the strings from the incoming text file into unique numbers through using Horner's method. These unique numbers would be the index for which the incoming string would be assigned to in an array filled with Linked Lists. <br> <br>
Link Lists are filled with Nodes that contain a data value and a pointer to the Next Node. In order to add each string more efficently, I would do an Insert At Head function (costant time complexity), meaning that the incoming string would be the head (first) pointer, pointing to the rest of the linked list. This reduces the time complexity of searching the whole Linked List if I were to do an Insert At Tail method - which would be an O(N) complexity, slowing down the performance drastically). <br> <br>
To avoid large sizes of the array, I used modulus divsion based on the given array size, to reduce slower performance and unnecessary arrays of big sizes, filled with big gaps. Then, whenever the array gets filled halfway, I rehash all the keys onto a new array that is double its orginal size. However, this does NOT ruin the performance as rehashing takes a O(1) (constant) time as I simply do an Insert At Front mentioned earlier. <br> <br>
Thus, using my algorithm -along with Horner's method- the array filled with Linked Lists prove to be a symmetric distrubtution. To prove this, I have incorperated calculating the Standard Deviation and Variance in the HashTester file. I have also displayed the run time as well as the rehashing instance for whenever the array gets filled halfway. 
